Philippe Laulheret_ReVault! Compromised by Your Secure SoC
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#revault-compromised-by-your-secure-soc-45899


Gal Elbaz&Avi Lumelsky&Uri Katz_A Worm in the Apple - Wormable Zero-Click RCE in AirPlay Impacts Billions of Apple and IoT Devices
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#a-worm-in-the-apple---wormable-zero-click-rce-in-airplay-impacts-billions-of-apple-and-iot-devices-46617


Richard Seiersen_Main Stage: IS YOUR CTEM MONEY-MINDED? Unveiling A New Approach to Cyber Risk Management: Moving from Attack Surface Management to Risk Surface Management
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#main-stage-is-your-ctem-money-minded-unveiling-a-new-approach-to-cyber-risk-management-moving-from-attack-surface-management-to-risk-surface-management-48356


Snehal Antani&Bailey Bickley_Main Stage: Proof, Not Promises: Redefining Cybersecurity for the Defense Industrial Base
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#main-stage-proof-not-promises-redefining-cybersecurity-for-the-defense-industrial-base-47177


Yu Wang&Weiteng Chen_"Dead Pixel Detected" - A Security Assessment of Apple's Graphics Subsystem
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#dead-pixel-detected---a-security-assessment-of-apples-graphics-subsystem-45392


Gary Marcus&Nathan Hamiel_Cybersecurity, AI, and Our Brains. A Fireside Chat with Cognitive Scientist and AI Expert Gary Marcus
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#cybersecurity-ai-and-our-brains-a-fireside-chat-with-cognitive-scientist-and-ai-expert-gary-marcus-47637


Shahar Tal&Yarden Porat_Vaulted Severance: Your Secrets Are Now Outies
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#vaulted-severance-your-secrets-are-now-outies-46757


Michael Bargury&Tamir Ishay Sharbat_AI Enterprise Compromise - 0click Exploit Methods
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#ai-enterprise-compromise---0click-exploit-methods-46442


Valentina Palmiotti&Kymberlee Price&Chi-en (Ashley) Shen&Natalie Silvanovich&Vandana Verma_Hacking the Status Quo: Tales From Leading Women in Cybersecurity
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#hacking-the-status-quo-tales-from-leading-women-in-cybersecurity-47489


Ben Nassi&Or Yair&Stav Cohen_Invitation Is All You Need! Invoking Gemini for Workspace Agents with a Simple Google Calendar Invite
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#invitation-is-all-you-need-invoking-gemini-for-workspace-agents-with-a-simple-google-calendar-invite-46038


Jonathan Andersson&Thanos Kaliyanakis_Peril at the Plug: Investigating EV Charger Security and Safety Failures
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#peril-at-the-plug-investigating-ev-charger-security-and-safety-failures-45434


David Mahdi&Ido Rozen_If Google Uses It to Find Webpages, We Can Use It to Find Fraudsters: TF-IDF for Real-Time Fraud Detection
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#if-google-uses-it-to-find-webpages-we-can-use-it-to-find-fraudsters-tf-idf-for-real-time-fraud-detection-46550


Nathan Hamiel&Nils Amiet_Hack to the Future: Owning AI-Powered Tools with Old School Vulns
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#hack-to-the-future-owning-ai-powered-tools-with-old-school-vulns-45871


Carlo Meijer&Wouter Bokslag&Jos Wetzels_2 Cops 2 Broadcasting: TETRA End-To-End Under Scrutiny
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#2-cops-2-broadcasting-tetra-end-to-end-under-scrutiny-46143


Zong Cao&Zhengzi Xu&Yeqi Fu&Yuqiang Sun&Kaixuan Li&Yang Liu_Let LLM Learn: When Your Static Analyzer Actually 'Gets It'
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#let-llm-learn-when-your-static-analyzer-actually-gets-it-46444


Thomas 'stacksmashing' Roth_Watch Your (Lock)Step: Glitching into Automotive Processors
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#watch-your-lockstep-glitching-into-automotive-processors-46637


SttyK SttyK_Behind the Screen: Unmasking North Korean IT Workers' Operations and Infrastructure
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#behind-the-screen-unmasking-north-korean-it-workers-operations-and-infrastructure-45180


Tien-Chih Lin&Wei Chieh Chao&Zhao-Min Chen_Pay Attention to the Clue: Clue-Driven Reverse Engineering by LLM in Real-World Malware Analysis
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#pay-attention-to-the-clue-clue-driven-reverse-engineering-by-llm-in-real-world-malware-analysis-45887


Chris Butera&Bob Costello&Frank Cilluffo_Securing America: Readiness, Response, and Resilience for Critical Infrastructure Defense
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#securing-america-readiness-response-and-resilience-for-critical-infrastructure-defense-48633


Neil (Grifter) Wyler&Bart Stump_The 11th Annual Black Hat USA Network Operations Center (NOC) Report
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#the-11th-annual-black-hat-usa-network-operations-center-noc-report-47642


Hariharan Shanmugam_Weaponizing Apple AI for Offensive Operations
https://www.blackhat.com/us-25/briefings/schedule/index.html#weaponizing-apple-ai-for-offensive-operations-44700



